So we're already seen.
Are going with our project and will be establish our team, so I will tell you how we can proceed further
regarding to this.
Different things, so.
Currently, you can check here.
I created everything, so now in the bombed out example.
At 11 a.m. dependency, you can add it directly from the dependency manager or do this Oregon, we'll
do these packages also.
So here you can check that out when only one package is added to the list.
So packages you.
So what?
I'm going to tell you.
Or basically, what we can do is really easy things just go to this package.
He entered.
Or who do they go to new?
It will take some time for the first team of product.
It will then go to package your packages package or don't believe this package, but keep at is for
the back.
I'm going to axioms and he did it, so it will create a service package for so indexed that we package.
What I'm going to do, I'm going to add some more services or Java course classes, so I will show you
how we who I'm going to add that part also.
So let's see how I'm going to end.
Well, let me add one thing here in this obvious is it?
That being again.
Plus new employee suits.
So it will create one class default class it will create for you for this purpose.
Oh, so it is mind blowing.
And let's see how we are going to use glass and.
So.
Let me.
OK, so now we're done with this, so.
Oh, no, you need it.
Are you three different, different exemplars currently, which is considered some more than anything,
we are going to later take that part.
But let me change this class to interpret.
So I will tell you what is interface?
Interface is nothing but some 30 percent instruction you can see.
It's it will occur to me.
It will give me 100 percent extraction of thought in this book.
So what I'm going to do, I'm going to add some list of employees and create a list of employees.
So let me at least.
So I'm going to add one class also faced that Paxil.
I'm going to add that class directly because I'm giving the name currently.
The name is not accessible yet, as you can see.
Great.
So I recreate that my first little book, Get All.
You know.
So currently, these items giving me a because I haven't created any employee parts, so I will tell
you how I am going to add that part then for you to save employee.
I'm going to create one method while they.
Employed, which is basically saving that employed part with against him.
Lloyd.
Employment Bill.
What I'm going to do is I'm.
I created one million employee, which consists employed, so I've created a class Java class later
in another package, but it will move that employee and it will store their employer in the saving part.
So now with Ivy Park I.D., but I'm going to pitch in blue, get employed by OTA.
I need it.
So let me create employment.
So I'm adding here.
I already created some parts, so I'm going to add that part in later.
So I'm mentioning this part earlier, but it may be very helpful by.
Employing by 80.
Later part.
And.
The long and deep so.
Let me move it to this on here, so there will be no error.
It's a new look and I'm guessing then know again to hear some.
Believed employing.
Don't want to believe deeply.
But I.
Long.
IBM and the next part of what I'm going to do is I'm going to add one page here and I will tell you
when do what will be the later?
So first thing, you may hear some errors, but these ignore these errors I'm going to create employed
by later.
But let me add here, which is basically.
Well, I believe it is very simple in Rhode Island or in framework.
Then I need to add your data.
Not booming.
You can and start.
I'm going to add to your page.
So when we polled our library to incorporate the data with the page itself, the basic loading, and
we'll use it.
So in the next part, what I'm going to tell you this thing and everything, so to see what it was and
how it's going to work, well, I don't know about this thing, but what is the spring spring having
some inversion of control?
I will see so that our debate pattern is to remove our dependence on programming.
So if we all learned jalla, you need some external libraries, Jonathan, also for that purpose, but
in out of control.
What we can do.
We are not performing independence and complete complete means if one is dependent on second, then
if one values changed.
Second, lose until change.
So that's really dangerous by deploying any application.
So regardless of what you think you can use, New Scotland thinks you know, let me consider one example
employee, which contains every service in this class measured and employed.
Am I saying this is equal to new ideas directly to the class?
So what happens if in the employee class engineering the value of some different attributes it will
appear be changed?
That part is also.
So that's very dangerous thing going.
So it is incomplete.
But in Najaf, then you can use this are U.S. to humans but do difficult enough, but you can use injection
dependency.
So that added dependency backing one another to make it basically injecting dependency.
Each advantages of injection dependency on independents injecting using easy to maintain, easy to best
because you can take that dependency, said it or not, it's not very no job for that purpose.
But you can choose that part later.
So I will tell you advantages, ladies, these pre-defined opinions on the ABC hibernate nuclear technology
go already, so no need to create some mystical view.
You are getting some default templates for that purpose, like creating steam room statements.
Creating connection.
No need to require to.
And you just need to act properly.
It's very easy, then loose coupling that I'd already seen.
Dependency injection string framework is easy to maintain and easy to do because egbin since supplication
are required to sober, but in the springtime.
Nathan Embraceable with Noble Indeed, Noble stated that what is really embedded in that?
So no need to worry about how I'm going to add external Sjoberg.
So for the requirements such, I'm not mentioning Union External.
You just need us strengthen that party's already added in this principle.
So let me move with the I.D. part and well, we already created this part.
So in the project thing you can do here in the next piece, I'm going to add some things, but I interfaces.
I will tell you that you will understand that, but little hope you understand.
Thank you.